We have reached the end of our first lesson.
Great work. Now let's review what we've learned.
First, we talked about the different types of 2D imaging,
including MRI, CT, and X-ray.
We mainly focused on x-ray since it's the most commonly used 2D imaging technique.
In the second section,
we discussed that machine learning algorithms are applied at
different places in the medical imaging workflow based on the use case.
We've also learned that clinical uses of
machine learning algorithms can be divided into diagnostic and screening,
and that there are three main types of machine learning algorithms;
classification, segmentation, and localization.
Remember, machine learning is applied for a reason.
At the end of this section,
we talked about a few applications where
machine learning can have a positive clinical impact.
In the third section,
we learned different ways to gather labels and what some of the challenges are.
We also learned to evaluate the algorithm's performance using specificity,
sensitivity, and the dice coefficient.
In the end, we talked about different stakeholders involved in
developing 2D image algorithm and bringing it to the market.
I hope you enjoyed the lesson and I'll see you soon.